# Using the policy driven framework

## Introduction

The aim of the policy-driven framework is to allow authors of web-servers to concentrate on the business logic (e.g., in the case of a GET request, generating the content), without having to worry about the details of the HTTP protocol (such as headers and response codes). However, there are so many possibilities in the HTTP protocol, that it is impossible to correctly guess what to do in all cases. Therefore the author has to supply policy decisions to the framework, in areas such as caching decisions. These are implemented as a set of deferred classes for which the author needs to provide effective implementations.

We aim to provide unconditional compliance [See HTTP/1.1 specification](http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec1.html#sec1) for you.

## Mapping the URI space

The authors first task is to decide which URIs the server will respond to (we do this using [URI templates](http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6570) ) and which methods are supported for each template.This is done in the class that that defines the service (which is often the root class for the application). This class must be a descendant of WSF_ROUTED_SKELETON_SERVICE. Throughout this tutorial, we will refer to the restbucksCRUD example application, which can be found in the EWF distribution in the examples directory. It's root class, RESTBUCKS_SERVER, inherits from WSF_ROUTED_SKELETON_SERVICE, as well as WSF_DEFAULT_SERVICE. The latter class means that you must specify in the ECF which connector you will use by default.This means you can easily change connectors just by changing the ECF and recompiling.

### Declaring your URI templates

In order to map your URI space to handlers (which you will write), you need to implement the routine setup_router. You can see in the example that the ORDER_HANDLER handler is associated with two URI templates. The URI /order is associated with the POST method (only). Any requests to /order with the GET method (or any other method) will result in an automatically generated compliant response being sent on your behalf to the client. The other principle methods (you get compliant responses to the HEAD method for free whenever you allow the GET method) are associated with the URI template /order/{orderid}. Here, orderid is a template variable. It's value for any given request is provided to your application as {WSF_REQUEST}.path_parameter ("orderid"). If the client passes a URI of /order/21, then you will see the value 21. If the client passes /order/fred, you will see the value fred. But if the client passes /order/21/new, he will see a compliant error response generated by the framework.

## Declaring your policy in responding to OPTIONS

WSF_ROUTED_SKELETON_SERVICE inherits from WSF_SYSTEM_OPTIONS_ACCESS_POLICY. This policy declares that the framework will provide a compliant default response to OPTIONS * requests. If you prefer to not respond to OPTIONS * requests (and I am doubtful if it is fully compliant to make that choice), then you can redefine 
is_system_options_forbidden.

## Declaring your policy on requiring use of a proxy server

WSF_ROUTED_SKELETON_SERVICE also inherits from WSF_PROXY_USE_POLICY. This determines if the server will require clients to use a proxy server. By default, it will do so for HTTP/1.0 clients. This is a sensible default, as the framework assumes an HTTP/1.1 client throughout. If you are sure that you will only ever have HTTP/1.1 clients, then you can instead inherit from WSF_NO_PROXY_POLICY, as RESTBUCKS_SERVER does. If not, then you need to implement proxy_server.
